The crown attorney, the prosecutor that they sent
in, I remember her being described as being very
green. She seemed really out of her depth.
And the prosecutor’s understanding of trans
identities was not sophisticated, would be an
understatement. She was essentially trying to
prove, or at least arguing the idea that no one
should have been upset that men were there when
the male officers showed up because isn’t a trans
man a man or isn’t a... Oh, no, sorry, a trans
woman. They were trying to argue that like...
I can barely even deal with the logic.
How they
correlated cisgendered men and trans men, they
just put them on the same fucking level. And
the crown attorney just did not get it. I feel
like the prosecution was not prepared for this,
did not have enough research.
And Janet [Rowe]put them in their place
so beautifully. That it just...
It was almost laughable. You know, the
cops’ case fell apart.
You have educated women
laying it out for them, and they’re just missing
it. It’s like those people who argue for, like,
the trans bathroom stuff. Doesn’t make
any sense whatsoever. They just don’t
understand our community, and I don’t know if
it could be even taught. So, liars and stupid.